With your underestimation, I would like to tell you the omen of my years as a rrest
For the rice fields, I comed George Skipper
who had given his all, total effort
He was the one who ensured that I could beounced
Furthermore,
The actions and practices of robbers are such.
If that's the case, then five minutes of Stalin's defence energy will be below 25.
At many times, the war is claimed to be the great blow to Japan and the enemy.
We sincerely appreciate the great loss of the nation and the people who work for the Kodan.
As we now
Our hopes are granted but.
Hood.
The steel workers and factory will also be poor inن
It has nothing to do with the sake of Mr.Ochedoki,
too.
We, the government,
sheets
We are told that in the next five minutes we will gather so many paramounts of hope
Now this ends my pretentious introduction